hello i'm david attenborough
i'm speaking to you from my home because
like many of you
i've spent much of the last year in
doors away from friends family
and access to the natural world
it's been a challenging few months for
many of us
but the reaction to these extraordinary
times
has proved that when we work together
there is no limit to what we can
accomplish
today we are experiencing environmental
change as never before
[Applause]
and the need to take action has never
been more urgent
this year the world will gather in
glasgow
for the united nations climate change
conference
it's a crucial moment in our history
this could be a year for positive change
for ourselves
for our planet
[Music]
and for the wonderful creatures with
which we share it
[Music]
a year the world could remember proudly
and say
we made a difference
[Music]
as we make our new year's resolutions
let's think about what each of us could
do
what positive changes could we make in
our own lives
so here's to a brighter year ahead
let's make 2021 a happy new year
for all the inhabitants of our perfect
you